so let's head over to shocks and demon
who are standing by it with our special
guest analyst for the day thank you very
much Joe I'm if you show up supporter
along with lead demon smith and we are
joined by counter logic gaming dexter
who will be providing us with analysis
throughout the games today thank you
very much for joining us we will talk
about the games in just a second because
of course I want to touch on what we've
heard about counter logic gaming just
last night breaking news at yen will be
stepping down what are your general
thoughts about that um I knew it like
five minutes before i leave for a flight
and I was like okay is it really true
that you leave the team because we
actually wanted to stay and we didn't
give him blame for any loss or something
and he didn't really deserve it from the
community which I think and yeah but he
had like personal problems to which I
had no idea I was like okay maybe he's
doing fine but he didn't really talk to
us about the whole reddit thing and
they'd got out of hand really quickly
and then he realized okay it's better
for you and better for me to just like
two months off and then maybe I can come
back but yeah he needs a break and he
decided to step down so and then of
course talking about the the matches the
the TSM game you guys started up went 10
oh how did it go really overall I mean
obviously you managed to finish the
place overall but that was really the
game they obviously you guys the CEO GT
sm is the classic yeah going into the
game we knew that we're better i flat
out we knew that we are better every can
beat them first game went perfect like
we didn't do any mistakes communication
was on point we executed our picks
really well and we had really good
coordination and then and going to the
second game we had a really big lead an
early game was a late-game composition
and then the hook on link happened and
bought land I too and then after that
the communication went down like we
completely shut down we didn't do
anything and it was pretty bad like
internal communication we couldn't
really execute our strategy properly
anymore and the communication just went
down and we tilted kinda so yeah and
then Game three it was like everyone was
super shocked and we didn't expect to
lose like we were already like
celebrating and everything but and we to
all them and
yeah but overconfidence all the
confidence right and then game three was
yeah we lost and Jamie's direction
because we had we hadn't talked about
the game at all we came out of Game two
and were like okay what are we doing
like no one had a clue no one wants to
talk and yeah we had no one there that
actually talks to us like mental speech
or something and you know we just rented
a game and try to win and we just lost
it in champion selection but lesson
learned and third place overall still a
very very good result for you guys over
there in North America let's turn our
attention to here of course the day
millennium vs ninjas in pyjamas for that
LCS bought millennium a team you know
very well as you played against them in
the summer split last year why do you
think it is that we we haven't seen that
that very good team that we've seen
especially in the beginning of the
summer split last year hmm I'm not sure
what happened in the team because it's I
mean they obviously lost our top lane
and corrupt had to switch to mid lane
but I don't think it was a big issue at
all it's more like that I think it was
an internal problem in the team in terms
of communication simply because you
could see that they're not very common
like the communication the team isn't
there and they don't really have like a
good strategy they just go into the game
hoping they can win through lanes and
yes I never learned how to place a team
pretty much and maybe there was like
eternal problems was like people
disliking each other something you never
know but I think there might be problems
in a team here and obviously tiny
intentions ninjas in pyjamas three
players used to be with on the lemon
dogs in the season three World Finals
how do you rate these guys I mean have
they got enough to get the LCS and
really more importantly coming into Game
one what is the important factor well I
played with them and I can tell for sure
that 00 and nuke dark probably act the
best lanes in your right now I mean
they're really good and they have the
individual talent and everything but
it's all up to them how they perform
alarm because I saw in the past that
they hadn't have formed really good
online and they choked and yeah Game one
will indicate how good they prepared and
I think both him prepare pretty well
from what I could tell and talk to them
so the priority should be right in terms
of pigs and everything but it's a mental
game pretty much like it's a prepared
then they have a really good chance of
getting in but
it can also go completely in the other
favor of millennium and I think Game one
will decide the series actually so Game
one will be incredibly important but I'm
still going to ask you for your
predictions for the series who will make
it in the LCS according to You Dexter
millennium or the ninjas in pyjamas I
will go with NI p actually I think ni p
has what it takes to bring down the line
you're Mia right do you man yeah i'm
gonna go with ninjas in pyjamas as well
I've heard very good things about
millennium how they've been practicing
I've heard they've really improved but
ninjas in pyjamas you can't look past
and they are a fantastic team of players
absolutely are well we need to take a
brief break but stay tuned because we're
just a few moments away from finding out
if millennium will head back to the LCS
or if ninjas in pyjamas will take their
spot be right back